{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;\red247\green247\blue247;\red31\green31\blue31;
\red255\green255\blue255;\red36\green36\blue36;\red255\green255\blue251;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c20000\c20000\c20000;\cssrgb\c97647\c97647\c97647;\cssrgb\c16078\c16078\c16078;
\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c18824\c18824\c18824;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c98824;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13600\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs70 \cf0 Final Exam NexSkill - App Dev Batch 05
\fs30 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Note: Q1-7 needs to be submitted by 10 PM tonight. Timeline for Q8 is already mentioned below.\
\
Question 1:
\f1\b0  Difference between AsyncTasks & Threads? Create a small app to demonstrate it.\

\f0\b Question 2:
\f1\b0  What is the Android Application Architecture? Explain with brief description for each.\

\f0\b Question 3:
\f1\b0  What is Lifecycle of an Activity? Explain with brief description for each.\

\f0\b Question 4:
\f1\b0  What\'92s the difference between onCreate() and onStart()?\

\f0\b Question 5: 
\f1\b0 Under what condition could the code sample below crash your application? How would you modify the code to avoid this potential problem? Explain your answer.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs26 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Intent sendIntent = new Intent();\
    sendIntent.setAction(Intent.ACTION_SEND);\
    sendIntent.putExtra(Intent.EXTRA_TEXT, textMessage);\
    sendIntent.setType(HTTP.PLAIN_TEXT_TYPE); // "text/plain" MIME type\
    startActivity(sendIntent);
\f3\b\fs52 \cf4 \cb5 \strokec4 \

\f0\fs30 \cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 Question 6: 
\f1\b0 Which of the code snippets below is the correct way to check if a Compass sensor is present on the system? Explain your answer.\
Answer 1\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs26 \cf6 \cb7 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec6 PackageManager m = getPackageManager();\
    if (!m.hasSystemFeature(PackageManager.FEATURE_SENSOR_COMPASS)) \{\
        // This device does not have a compass, turn off the compass feature\
    \}\

\f1\fs30 \cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 Answer 2
\f2\fs26 \cf6 \cb7 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec6 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 SensorManager m = getSensorManager();\
    if (!m.hasSystemFeature(SensorManager.FEATURE_SENSOR_COMPASS)) \{\
        // This device does not have a compass, turn off the compass feature\
    \}\cf6 \cb7 \strokec6 \

\f1\fs30 \cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 Answer 3\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs26 \cf6 \cb7 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec6 Sensor s = getSensor();\
    if (!s.hasSystemFeature(Sensor.FEATURE_SENSOR_COMPASS)) \{\
        // This device does not have a compass, turn off the compass feature\
    \}\
\

\f0\b\fs30 \cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 Question 7: 
\f1\b0 Describe three common use cases for using an Intent.\

\f0\b Question 8: 
\f1\b0 Complete the final project by October 6, 2020.}